GM everyone. Welcome to your daily
digest for Thursday, April 24th, 2025,
where we bring you fact-based,
non-sensational, objective information
about what's going on in the broader
blockchain and cryptocurrency space.
Today, we are kicking off with crime
season and people having their penalties
and punishments doowled out. Prosecutors
are seeking over six years of prison for
Mango Markets exploiter Avi Eisenberg.
AI Eisenberg um performed a flash loan
exploit uh on the Mango markets in 2022
which saw $110 million being stolen from
platform users. Um and though he has
returned uh 67 million of the funds um
there's still a large outstanding number
that he has not returned. So, I'm not
sure he's going to get a ton of
leniency, but we will see. Sticking with
crime and punishment, US prosecutors
have filed over 200 victim statements in
Alex Mashinsk's case over the Celsius
centralized borrow and lend platform
issues. Um, a lot of these statements
basically shared people's experience
with losing their life savings on
Celsius, but some of them also sought
leniency for Mashinsky. Um,
the lawyers for Mashinsky are pleading
that he should get no more than one year
and one day in prison, but that remains
to be seen.
The LAPD have recovered $2.7 million
worth of Bitcoin miners stolen in an
airport airport heist. These miners were
supposed to be on their way to Hong Kong
where authorities claimed a pair of
prominent members of a South American
crime ring tied to the theft and sale of
stolen goods around Los Angeles were
captured. Um, in addition to the mining
rigs that were stolen, uh, there was
also $1.2 $22 million of stolen tequila,
clothing, shoes, speakers, coffee, body
wash, and pet food. So, um, this is an
interesting heist story that it's nice
to see that all that equipment was
recovered. Uh, moving on. Uh, Shaquille
O'Neal, Shaq, anyone who grew up in the
90s watching basketball knows Shaq
fondly has reached a settlement in the
FTX lawsuit, though the terms remained
secret, so we don't know how much money
he will be paying back. Though, uh, Shaq
also settled recently um, in terms of an
astral NFT project that he shilled. Uh,
he had to pay $1 million in that
settlement. Um, so Shaq is not having a
great time with his recent crypto
endorsements. Speaking of thefts, in
good news, ZKYNC has recovered the $5
million of stolen tokens after the
hacker accepted a bounty offer. Um,
where he got to keep or she 10% in
bounty and return and and where he
returned 90% of the stolen tokens. after
the 5 million tokens and ZK tokens were
stolen, uh, the price actually went up
for those tokens. So, the team actually
got $5.7 million in value back. So,
congratulations to the ZK Sync team, and
well done on you, Hacker, for for
turning Grey Hat into White Hat. New
Hampshire bill, uh, the New Hampshire
Bitcoin Reserve bill is heading to full
Senate vote. Um it passed a 4 to1 vote
in the Senate committee. Uh after going
through through House um if the bill is
approved by the Senate, then it will
need to be signed into legislation by
the governor. So keep up to date with
what's going on on the following US
Bitcoin state reserve bills uh via this
account, Bitcoin Laws. Pretty great
account. Um, in other US state news,
Alabama is dropping its staking lawsuit
against Coinbase. So now, out of the 10
states that raised a lawsuit against
Coinbase in 2023,
five of them have dropped it. And of
course, if you've been keeping up with
the Daily Digest, Oregon is actually a
state that is doubling down on suing the
S uh Coinbase. So nice to see um some
progress at the state level, but you
know there's also still some conress.
Um the president of America has
announced utility for the Trump
shitcoin, I mean memecoin that he
launched earlier this year. Uh the top
220 holders will be able to attend a
dinner that Trump is hosting. Um, as we
can see, the Trump memecoin launched
right around his inauguration and saw a
rapid peak and then has just been down
only up until yesterday where there was
a nice little tick upwards. In
yesterday's daily digest, we talked
about Kelsier Labs and their uh
affiliation with Trump and Melania
tokens. Kelsier recently had the uh a a
class action lawsuit in the state of New
York brought against them. So not
looking good for them, but this is one
of the tokens that they were associated
with and we saw Trump jump 52%
yesterday after this announcement. Um
Justin Sun or Sun uh is a is a user on
HTX and of course Sun Justin Sun is an
investor in HTX. Um, this account
labeled Sun on HTX holds 1.2 million
Trump tokens worth around $14.5 million.
So, it's widely speculated that Justin
Sun is among the 220 that will be
attending this dinner. Now, let's finish
on some good news. Um,
Soul Strategies is a Canadian investment
company and they've issued $500 million
in convertible notes following the Micro
Strategy playbook to buy and stake
Salana tokens. Um they join upexi which
recently disco disclosed a $100 million
raise to build a soul reserve and uh the
defi development corporation which
recently rebranded from Janover also
announced a $42 million raise in order
to establish a salana treasury. So the
micro strategy and bitcoin uh playbook
is now expanding to salana. Um, in fun
deepin news, former guest of the Smart
Economy podcast, Helium has partnered
with AT&T where AT&T users will
automatically connect to the Helium
network when they come into proximity
with a hotspot. So, in addition to AT&T,
now Helium connects with the T-Mobile
network. So, it's really nice to see um
a cryptonnative project that's been
around for over a decade uh starting to
make endroads with largecale enterprise
telos. And lastly, Etherfi, a DeFi
platform within the Ethereum ecosystem,
has announced plans to la expand into
the US and launch a DeFi bank, which
will be some sort of hybrid NEO bank.
Um, that will allow users to have
alternatives to brickandmortar banks. Um
the details for what this will exactly
entail hasn't really been hashed out, at
least according to the Blockworks um
article that was released, but still
interesting nonetheless to see a DeFi
native platform focusing on addressing a
market and providing banking like
features. So, if you appreciated what
went on in today's Daily Digest, please
head over to our subreddit, Smart
Economy Podcast, where you can keep up
to date with all of our daily digests.
You can see the sources for each website
I used in today's overview. You can also
keep up with our bi-weekly podcasts and
our weekly spaces. Of course, if you
appreciated this video, please don't
hesitate to hit that heart button and
slap me with a follow.
Oh no, I forgot to go. Oh, and if you
made it to this, you saw me gaff because
I thought I was not showing the web
pages. But thank you so much for
following me on this journey as I figure
out what the heck I'm doing. Cheers.